1.Contribute to quality: help to make the project better, better looking and more improvements
	Send errors
	Suggest new features and options
	Propose ways to improve the framework's (even comparisons with similar writing)
	Send graphics (icons, backgrounds, logos) to be used in the program / project
	Writing corrects typos in documentation
	Helps maintain a website for an Open Source project
2. Contribute to writing documentation: Some Open Source projects have a poor or insufficient documentation
	Help write documentation for quality
	Translate documentation (and texts in the program) in another language
	Read existing documentation, follow the examples, and make necessary corrections (if necessary).
	Create diagrams, screen-shots, and graphical documentation
	Build a glossary (dictionary) of technical terms (and those with less technical knowledge should understand documentation)
	Converts documents in multiple formats (e.g. DocBook, pdf)
3. Offer technical support: everyone needs it at least once. Let programmers to make their work while you help others.
	Answer questions on forums, emails lists or IRC channels.
	Contribute to a support group online
	Help others learn how to use the program (or programming libraries)
	Write tutorials / usage examples and post them in related forums or blogs.
4. Contribute with money: many Open Source projects have a donate button or a shop where to buy related products, but there are other ways to contribute money
	Send a developer, project or company some money
	Buy a Free Software product, or associated products
	Hire Free Software developers
	Contribute hardware
	Contribute bandwidth
	Advertise in their web site if they show ads
	Buy products from companies that support Free Software
5. Get involved in advertising: If the project becomes popular, there will be more people who want to contribute
	Includes application in a Linux distribution (or other OS)
	Convince people to choose Open Source products when possible
	Write opinions about Open Source products
	Write about new ways to use the product
6. Rate Open Source products
	Express your appreciation for developers / programmers (by email or post)
	Send developers / programmers congratulations
	Send Gift developers / programmers.
	Be polite when you report a bug or request an improvement. There is no obligation on the part of those who develop open source product to you (or someone else).
