Contributing to Open Source Guides
Thanks for checking out the Open Source Guides! We're excited to hear and learn from you. Your experiences will benefit others who read and use these guides.

We've put together the following guidelines to help you figure out where you can best be helpful.

Table of Contents
Types of contributions we're looking for
Ground rules & expectations
How to contribute
Style guide
Setting up your environment
Community
Types of contributions we're looking for
There are many ways you can directly contribute to the guides (in descending order of need):

Fix editorial inconsistencies or inaccuracies
Translate guides into other languages
Interested in making a contribution? Read on!

Ground rules & expectations
Before we get started, here are a few things we expect from you (and that you should expect from others):

Be kind and thoughtful in your conversations around this project. We all come from different backgrounds and projects, which means we likely have different perspectives on "how open source is done." Try to listen to others rather than convince them that your way is correct.
Open Source Guides are released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
If you open a pull request, please ensure that your contribution passes all tests. If there are test failures, you will need to address them before we can merge your contribution.
When adding content, please consider if it is widely valuable. Please don't add references or links to things you or your employer have created as others will do so if they appreciate it.
How to contribute
If you'd like to contribute, start by searching through the issues and pull requests to see whether someone else has raised a similar idea or question.

If you don't see your idea listed, and you think it fits into the goals of this guide, open a pull request.

Style guide
If you're writing content, see the style guide to help your prose match the rest of the guides.

Setting up your environment
This site is powered by Jekyll. Running it on your local machine requires a working Ruby installation with Bundler.

Once you have that set up, run:

script/bootstrap
script/server
…and open http://localhost:4000 in your web browser.

Community
Discussions about the Open Source Guides take place on this repository's Issues and Pull Requests sections. Anybody is welcome to join these conversations.

Wherever possible, do not take these conversations to private channels, including contacting the maintainers directly. Keeping communication public means everybody can benefit and learn from the conversation.
