Students learn programming now, need to know about open source, so as to be better prepared when they search for a job in the field. Learning open source, a student learns how to write code from others, working and collaborating with a virtual team. Working on an open source project, students learn how to learn by himself. This is how one learns to solve a problem asking intelligent questions and reading the documentation. So, students get to work on real code, modifying the code, collaborating and discussing good or bad ideas; they know that what they do is a real licensed open source, real code, used by real people, not simulations in the classroom.
Contributing to a project:
Students who want to work on a project should first look at Humanitarian Free and Open Source (HFOSS) projects, because they attract a diverse audience. 
Typically, programmers are adding to an existing project and they must already know how to communicate with other developers.

Work on an open source project allows also the connections with collaborators in the industry; is a huge asset for those who is searching for a job, is a way for them to demonstrate what they know.

Open-source versus commercial software: 
The principles of open source:

	Free: communication is transparent;
	Participation: when we are open and free to work together, we will achieve something creative;
	Rapid prototyping: can lead to failures as fast, but finally arrive at better solutions;
	Meritocracy: the best ideas wins;
	Community: working together will accomplish more.
It's okay not to know everything, but you must know how to ask the right questions and learn how to learn. This is the right way of development: lines of code written even if the learners are not supported, they will still grow professionally.So, a student can learn anything about anything.
Contributing to open source can make you feel like a stranger in a foreign country. Most times, there is no single leader or a single person responsible for the entire project, which can be a bit frustrating. There is a medium that can be controlled. Who contribute to open source is a guest. It will not be like when you walk into a classroom and say this is what we study today. Also, occasionally, someone in the open source community can be aggressive - we are all human and fallible. Because freedom and transparency appear different opinions and it is not always polite. If there was a Human Resources department in a community open source, these things could not happen - at least not very often. But open source community is not operating in this way. It's like the Internet - the community is open and anyone can say anything. 
